what's up fuck hey guys it's true
Saharan jail like I said you know that
means let her go miss colleton common
Contin Contin guys okay so i'm sorry if
i go very quickly through this but i
have a lot of comments that i want to
comment on and i don't want this to be a
20 minute video what kind of world with
that let's just get to it let's start on
letting channel purple passion is our DB
sweeney whistler trophy that don't know
noobs when niggas are coming someone in
my videos i have the crap out of them
and welcome to The Daily Grace and
ladies purple passion more like purple
ass man kids you suck you've been host
why is it that everytime i watch your
videos i laugh and fart uncontrollably I
don't know you should see a doctor or
stop eating corn soybean banjo nub noob
you sir oh it missed so much daily basis
was hilariously refreshing where have
you been let me guess face down ass up
in a pint of Guinness he's Irish people
yo she winks if he's going to do some
movies alert I don't even know if you're
a noob you sir I think I hate you from
it as you again Yoshi wings more like
you've laid an egg you suck you been
host Oscars are made out of people its
people now let's go over to Twitter ah
STDs learning to swim and Isla st more
like donde st brain oh you suck you've
been host discovered you because I had
the stomach flu didn't mind putting up
with the pain cuz you're amazing it
wasn't the flu and I ended up in surgery
so I don't know how to feel about that
thank you for watching sorry about the
surgery are you okay Billy Neston you
guys I make a sort of news alert not
really any be sober lose you anyway
Billy nestin more like billion ass Steve
in stuff you can host thank you for
making me pee my pants and thank you for
making it okay to pee in my pants that's
what i do i make things that are gross
okay yeah Terry Hicks news on TV so he
was like Terry Hicks it sounds like a
terrible southern rapper you've been
host taught me how to drink by myself I
follow her tipa I hate it now it's gonna
do a mousse I posted this picture on
dailybooth look at it and then you guys
said this gym I'm a Chamberlain movies
on TV show me Whistler Jemima
Chamberlain more like Jim I my chains
you've been hoist I want one you look
like a cartoon got a roast I hate you
before I don't like I'll be why do you
like sure made me laugh out loud the
kingdom of retards name is only news
alert says it all you've been hurt too
much coffee she's chicken coffee with a
straw it does i ancient copy that is
that's crazy that's gonna facebook
Natalie Decker name username is
Louisville or Natalie Decker more like
Natalie I'd like to deck her with
kindness but she sucks you've been host
to Daily Grace from your fan whoa she
made this how did you do that lazy very
visual izzy is very annoying you've been
hosed wait I liked your page solely so I
could share this photo with you from a
bakery in my neighborhood come visit
and it's a picture of a bellies and
cream cupcake Oh Oh Angelica Rojas his
own business Rojas means spread you've
been hazed I think hope you can mention
this on your blog you are so amazing
apparently today is International
Women's Day go wash now let's go to
youtube heartbeat 0506 name is on niggas
women is learn heartbeat 05 06 more like
I wish I were dead you've been moved so
I've been wondering why you use pictures
of Kate Gosselin to write things oh
please be one act November is Lebanese
alert I feel like I hate you but I'll do
it anyway black November more like get
that month out of here it's a bad one
you've been host I got so pumped up I
threw my cat across the room where's the
bunny you guys im using this alert in
your ass home cuz that's the kind of
person I assume you are you've been host
like you're drooping flowers back there
so all right guys it's all for
commenting on your comments today this
was just you know have a great tuesday
and a gray mardi gras cuz today is mardi
gras right that you say so many things
going on bye y'all baby oh it's mardi
gras oh there's so many things happening
okay one it's mardi gras today but to it
is my brother Tim's birthday today and
you met him in the video that says meet
Edward Cullen how I was a joke his hair
looks like every coat he is having a
birthday today and you should all go on
his facebook profile Tim pelvic and
write happy birthday just do it I think
it'd be funny he probably will get
annoyed but I think it'd be funny um so
yeah happy birthday Tim you don't watch
these unless you're in them